# Application
We apply our bayesian network by fitting it as a SEM on the data. SEMs require
continuous data, therefore we need to use a model that accepts it. Our tested
model does not accept this, so we chose to use the model that was learned using the PC algorithm.

## Markov Blanket SEM
To answer our research questions, only variables that predict outcome variables
_y_ are important. Therefore we extract the Markov blanket of _y_ from the
network using the `bnlearn` package. The includes only the variables `age`,
`default`, `single`, `nr.employed`, `cons.conf.idx`, `cons.price.idx`, and
`emp.var.rate`. Initially we expected the variables `job`, `education` to be
part of the blanket.

The Markov blanket DAG is transformed into a format that the `lavaan` library
accepts. Then, the function `fit()` is called with the DAG and the data as
parameters to fit the SEM, and a summary is printed of the fitted model to
display the coefficients. We encountered some confusing results with most
coefficients being extremely low, which caused us to wonder why PC had learned
these edges. We soon realized that this could be fixed by standardizing the
values in the data. After standardization the coefficients were more easily
interpretable.

The coefficients of the variables in the Markov blanket shown in \autoref
{sec:sem_learned}. These are not all the coefficients in the SEM, just those
with _y_. We can see that the variables that are related to the person (`age`,
`default`, `single`) have a positive or negative coefficient of less than 0.05,
while the variables that have to do with the national state of the economy have
higher coefficients, ranging from 0.1 to 0.3.

## Variables not in Markov Blanket
In the model that we made by testing we felt that the variables `education` and
`job` would have a big influence on the outcome _y_. They were connected to 
each other, and to the outcome variable through the latent variable `wealth`.
However, they did not appear in the Markov blanket of the learned structure.

We are still interested in their influence on the outcome, therefore we 
manually change the Markov blanket to include them. Both are connected directly
to _y_, and `education` is connected to `job`. The SEM is fit again, and a
summary is displayed. The coefficients are shown in \autoref
{sec:sem_learned_edujob}.

These variables turn out to be weak predictors of the outcome, with lower
coefficients than the personal variables in the Markov blanket. As a bonus the
coefficient between `education` and `job` was added, to show that the former
predicts the latter rather well.
